Update razor.md (#23105)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/mvc/views/razor.md

By [Rick Anderson](https://twitter.com/RickAndMSFT), [Taylor Mullen](https://twitter.com/ntaylormullen), and [Dan Vicarel](https://github.com/Rabadash8820)

> Razor is a markup syntax for embedding .NET based code into webpages. The Razor syntax consists of Razor markup, C#, and HTML. Files containing Razor generally have a `.cshtml` file extension. Razor is also found in [Razor components](xref:blazor/components/index) files (`.razor`). Most commonly, Razor syntax is not disimiliar than templating engines of various JavaScript Single-Page Application frameworks; such as Angular, React, VueJs, and Svelte. For more information see, [Use JavaScript Services to Create Single Page Applications in ASP.NET Core](xref:client-side/spa-services).

Reviewer: You can pull the title automatically, so it auto-updates if a doc author ever changes it in the future.

```suggestion
Razor is a markup syntax for embedding .NET based code into webpages. The Razor syntax consists of Razor markup, C#, and HTML. Files containing Razor generally have a `.cshtml` file extension. Razor is also found in [Razor component](xref:blazor/components/index) files (`.razor`). Razor syntax is similar to the templating engines of various JavaScript Single-page Application (SPA) frameworks, such as Angular, React, VueJs, and Svelte. For more information see, <xref:client-side/spa-services>.
```
